Now that we have a better understanding of how to calculate bego let's look at another exercise that
should be a little bit easier than the first one that we did.
What would you say that the big show of this is well if we go one by one we see here that we have of
one again of one.
And you know what if I keep typing this is going to get tiresome so I'm just going to copy and paste
so all of one here.
We're just assigning variables and then we also see here that we have a for loop that is running based
on the input.
We don't know what that input is but we can just assume that we're looping based on however long this
input is in which case we're running each one of these
of end times or whatever long the input is.
So again these are going to be run of in and of end times.
And if we go down here again same thing we don't know what the input is but these are being run off
and times and then finally this last line is just run once.
So it'll be all of one.
So looking at this function another fun challenge function we see that are all in our Big O is 1 2 3
4.
So we have four plus because we're just adding up the steps year we have of and that's happening 1 2
3 4 5 so 5 and
so the big O here is we have four costs and times and then five things that we're doing anti-CPS or
however long the input is all right.
That wasn't so bad was it compared to the first time around.
I think you're starting to get the hang of this.
So let's dive into the next video.
Let's start to figure out how we can simplify things for us so that we're not doing this mathematical
step by step count.
I'll see in the next video Bob.